[NewProduct] Motorola Mobility (#1453)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/motorola.md

    link: https://www.motorola.com/nz/smartphones-motorola-edge-20-fusion/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola edge20"
    releaseDate: 2021-08-01
    eol: 2023-08-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-motorola-edge-20/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola one 5G UW ACE"
    releaseDate: 2021-07-01
    eol: 2023-07-01
-   releaseCycle: "motorola one 5G ACE"
    releaseDate: 2021-01-01
    eol: 2023-01-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-motorola-one-5g-ace/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola one 5G"
    releaseDate: 2021-08-01
    eol: 2023-08-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-motorola-one-5g/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola one fusion+"
    releaseDate: 2020-06-01
    eol: 2022-06-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-motorola-one-fusion-plus/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola one fusion"
    releaseDate: 2020-06-01
    eol: 2022-06-01
-   releaseCycle: "motorola razr 5g"
    releaseDate: 2020-09-01
    eol: 2022-09-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-razr-5g
-   releaseCycle: "motorola razr (2020)"
    releaseDate: 2020-09-01
    eol: 2022-09-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-razr-gen-2/p
---

> > [Motorola Mobility LLC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_Mobility), marketed as **Motorola**, is an American consumer electronics and telecommunications company, and a subsidiary of Chinese multinational technology company [Lenovo](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lenovo). Motorola primarily manufactures smartphones and other mobile devices running the Android operating system developed by Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Motorola](https://motorola.com) manufactures smartphones and other mobile devices running the Android operating system.
```

Focusing on the product, not the company

> Phones are supported for 2 to 3 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phones are supported for 2 to 3 years, with upgrades pending partner approval in some cases.
```

(Based on text I'm seeing on some devices, such as "motorola edge 20 pro")

-   releaseCycle: "moto-g51-5g"
    releaseLabel: "moto g51 5g"
    releaseDate: 2021-11-01
    eol: 2023-11-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-51-5g/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g50-5g"
    releaseLabel: "moto g50 5g"
    releaseDate: 2021-08-01
    eol: 2023-08-01
    link: https://nz.motorola.com/smartphones-motorola-g50-5g/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g50"
    releaseLabel: "moto g50"
    releaseDate: 2021-03-01
    eol: 2023-03-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-50/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g42"
    releaseLabel: "moto g42"
    support: true
    releaseDate: 2022-06-01
    eol: 2025-06-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-42/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g41"
    releaseLabel: "moto g41"
    releaseDate: 2021-11-01
    eol: 2023-11-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-41/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g40-fusion"
    releaseLabel: "moto g40 FUSION"
    releaseDate: 2021-05-01
    eol: 2023-05-01
    link: https://www.motorola.in/smartphones-moto-g40-fusion/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g32"
    releaseDate: 2022-08-01
    eol: 2025-08-01
    support: true

>     link: https://www.motorola.in/smartphones-moto-g32/p

Reviewer 2: giving 404

Reviewer 3: Could be replaced by https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-32/p ?

---
title: Motorola Mobility
permalink: /motorola
category: device
iconSlug: motorola
releasePolicyLink: https://motorola-global-en-roe.custhelp.com/app/software-upgrade/

> activeSupportColumn: true

Reviewer 3: `activeSupportColumn: true` means `support` must be explicitly set for all release cycles.

This is required by : https://github.com/endoflife-date/endoflife.date/blob/9a11b2ebe9e14daabaae8238743748a54df9ce96/_auto/validate.py#L55

-   releaseCycle: "moto-g22"
    releaseLabel: "moto g22"
    releaseDate: 2022-03-01
    eol: 2025-03-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-22/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g20"
    releaseLabel: "moto g20"
    releaseDate: 2021-05-01
    eol: 2023-05-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-20/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g10-power"
    releaseLabel: "moto g10 power"
    releaseDate: 2021-03-01
    eol: 2023-03-01
    link: https://www.motorola.in/smartphones-moto-g-10-power/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g10"
    releaseLabel: "moto g10"
    releaseDate: 2021-03-01
    eol: 2023-03-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-10/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g-stylus-2021"
    releaseLabel: "moto g stylus (2021)"
    releaseDate: 2021-01-01
    eol: 2023-01-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-stylus-gen-2/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g-pure-2021"
    releaseLabel: "moto g pure (2021)"
    releaseDate: 2021-11-01
    eol: 2023-11-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-pure/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g-power-2021"
    releaseLabel: "moto g power (2021)"
    releaseDate: 2021-01-01
    eol: 2023-01-01

>     link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-power/p

Reviewer 3: 404, could be replaced by https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-power-gen-2/p ?

-   releaseCycle: "moto-g-play-2021"
    releaseLabel: "moto g play (2021)"
    releaseDate: 2021-01-01
    eol: 2023-01-01

>     link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-play/p

Reviewer 3: 404, could be replaced by https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-play/p ?

    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-5g-plus/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g-5g"
    releaseLabel: "moto g 5g"
    releaseDate: 2020-11-01
    eol: 2022-11-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-5g/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g9-power"
    releaseLabel: "moto g9 power"
    releaseDate: 2020-12-01
    eol: 2022-12-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-power-gen-9/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g9-plus"
    releaseLabel: "moto g9 plus"
    releaseDate: 2020-08-01
    eol: 2022-08-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/nz/smartphones-moto-g-plus-gen-9/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g9-play"
    releaseLabel: "moto g9 play"
    releaseDate: 2020-08-01
    eol: 2022-08-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-moto-g-play-gen-9/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g9"
    releaseLabel: "moto g9"
    releaseDate: 2020-08-01
    eol: 2022-08-01
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g-fast"
    releaseLabel: "moto g fast"
    releaseDate: 2020-06-01
    eol: 2022-06-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-fast/p
-   releaseCycle: "moto-g-stylus"
    releaseLabel: "moto g stylus"
    releaseDate: 2020-04-01
    eol: 2022-04-01

>     link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-stylus/p

Reviewer 3: Redirected to https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-moto-g-stylus-gen-2/p?skuId=534, is it OK ?

-   releaseCycle: "motorola-edge20"
    releaseLabel: "motorola edge20"
    releaseDate: 2021-08-01
    eol: 2023-08-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-motorola-edge-20/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola-one-5g-uw-ace"
    releaseLabel: "motorola one 5G UW ACE"
    releaseDate: 2021-07-01
    eol: 2023-07-01
-   releaseCycle: "motorola-one-5g-ace"
    releaseLabel: "motorola one 5G ACE"
    releaseDate: 2021-01-01
    eol: 2023-01-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-motorola-one-5g-ace/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola-one-5g"
    releaseLabel: "motorola one 5G"
    releaseDate: 2021-08-01
    eol: 2023-08-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/us/smartphones-motorola-one-5g/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola-one-fusion-plus"
    releaseLabel: "motorola one fusion+"
    releaseDate: 2020-06-01
    eol: 2022-06-01
    link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-motorola-one-fusion-plus/p
-   releaseCycle: "motorola-one-fusion"
    releaseLabel: "motorola one fusion"
    releaseDate: 2020-06-01
    eol: 2022-06-01
-   releaseCycle: "motorola-razr-5g"
    releaseLabel: "motorola razr 5g"
    releaseDate: 2020-09-01
    eol: 2022-09-01

>     link: https://www.motorola.com/we/smartphones-razr-5g

Reviewer 3: Link looks wrong, it returns a server error page.
